fix(sdk): use explict api key before thread local (#10657)
wandb/wandb: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

Section headings should be at level 3 (e.g. `### Added`).

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - Fixed `wandb.Api(api_key=...)` to prioritize the explicitly provided API key over thread-local cached credentials (@pingleiwandb in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/10657)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `wandb.Api(api_key=...)` now prioritizes the explicitly provided API key over thread-local cached credentials (@pingleiwandb in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/10657)
```
